Detecting first names is tricky to do even with AI.       
how do you say a street name is not a first name?
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.     

Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Just go ahead and press that button.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
With the high wind warning
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
We should play with legos at camp.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The father died during childbirth.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.